To get prettier buttons I got something prepared for you in the shared components folder.
Add a new sub folder which you can name form elements here.
I want to store some components which are helpful with creating forms or with user interaction and they
are attached to find a button zip file which you can extract and which you can unzip and in there you'll
find a button.
She isn't a button C is as follows what you should move into this form elements file.
Now let's have a brief look at what you get in there.
You get a component and a button component I render different things based on the props we receive.
If we have a ref prop I render a normal anchor ref a normal link if we have a two prop I render a link
as it's coming from react ruder Dom and I also give users the option of adding some special styles for
example controlling the size of the button inverse stranger.
We'll use that for all the course.
No worries there also are some default clauses attached for some nice styling.
And of course I always render a normal button if we have neither a two nor a ref prop.
Then we render a normal button where we can alter control to type for word on click listener and even
disable it.
This is a button and here we get some styles for that button so that it hopefully looks nice.
Now with that we can use this button in the place item component instead of the buttons I currently
render dear so let's import this button component here.
Import button from shared components form elements.
Button and replace the buttons down there.
With the batter button with the custom button now the buttons can be configured and for viewing map
I want to add to inverse prop which makes this look better in my opinion and displays here for editing.
I don't want to add any inverse prop but I want to add the two prop because this would actually be a
link which redirects the user to a page that allows us to do the editing
so here.
I will add a template literal and then forward to let's say places Slash.
And then here.
Prop start I.D. which is the idea of that place so that this leads us to slash places slash place idea
which is our route.
We haven't registered yet but which we will add later and for deleting.
I will add the danger prop which colors this Spartan rad and more dangerous and we will also soon add
on click listeners to the first and the last button.
With that I think that looks a bit nicer and we can now focus on making sure that when we click on view
on map we actually will open an overlay let's say where we highlight the position of this place on a
map.